what can you talk about for hours?
what uncommon thing would you encourage everyone to try once?
if you could choose the way you became a hero, what would the circumstances be?
how long did it take for you to come up with your current signature?
what's a situation when you look back you should have gone ahead and done it?
what is the best random act of kindness you've ever witnessed?
is there anyone that you're wondering about and if they're okay?
what type of exercise do you like most?
what's something that you think you may have been the only person in the world to ever do?
what's something others purchase that you simply can't understand why?
can you name 5 things you wouldn't do for a million dollars?
if you had to wear a hat for the next week, what type of hat would you choose?
do you have a special project you're currently working on?
what's the worst accident you ever had?
what was your last "ah-ha" moment?
what thing from childhood do you still enjoy to this day?
what is the last encounter you had with a random stranger?
do you have a reoccurring dream?
what's a food you vow never to eat?
where do you see yourself in 5 years?
do you name inanimate objects?
is there a personality trait that you'd like to adopt from one of your friends?
what's the story behind why you replaced the last phone you had?
if it's raining outside, what activity do you most want to do?
if you had the choice to go back in time or into the future, which would you choose?
what is the most recent silly thing you did?
what situation is sure to make you cry?
what's your favorite form of entertainment?
what's your opinion on cell phones?
what technology advance are you looking forward to in the future?
what are the top three qualities you admire in others?
what's most important to you about your school/work environment?
are you currently going through any type of phase?
how would you describe your sense of humor? can you give an example?
what's the best trick someone has ever played on you?
what's something uncomfortable but you feel everyone should experience at least once in their life?
what is your current go-to song to dance to when nobody is around?
what is the last big argument you got into and who was it with?
what's your story about breaking the law?
have you ever had or witnessed a drop the mic moment?
what is something immature you think your parents do?
what's something that you thought you'd have already done by now, but haven't?
who have you met only one time that left a huge impression on you?
do you consider yourself an introvert or an extrovert?
in emergency situations, how do you react?
what's your favorite daily routine?
what's something that when you were learning it, you thought you'd never use it, but in reality, you ended up using it a lot?
what's your plan for surviving a zombie invasion?
what's something that was completely out-of-character that you did?
what is something that you find mildly annoying, but not annoying enough to do anything about?
when you're by yourself, what do you usually think about?
what's the best compliment you ever received?
what would you be really good at if it wasn't for one thing?
what activity do you do where your mind wanders in thoughts the most?
what's the story behind your greatest treasure?
what is your opinion on tattoos?
where was your secret hiding place as a child?
how do you make decisions?
do you believe there is only one other person in the world for you or many?
when are you most productive?
how would you describe someone who is wealthy?
if you could lock someone up and throw away the key, would you and if so, who would that be?
do you enjoy people watching?
what's the most difficult choice you were asked to make?
without saying the category, what are your top five?
what have you been thinking about lately that has kept you up at night?
how well do you trust your gut feelings?
is there a part of your culture that you don't like?
do you have a favorite brand?
what is the last thing that you totally overreacted to?
how many chances do you give a person before you write them off?
what do you wish you had spent more time doing when you were younger?
who is the luckiest person you know?
what's the last thing you did alone and you enjoyed?
if it was possible to transplant your brain to stay alive for another 100 years, would you?
what's something that you never seem to get tired of doing?
if you could assign one household chore to someone else, what would it be?
can you describe your personal style?
what's the story behind your last rant?
have you ever had to complain to management? why?
are you currently where you want to be in life?
what's something in your fridge right now that should probably be thrown out?
what little thing do you do that you don't think many people notice?
what do you find extremely difficult that most people find simple?
would you feel comfortable showing me the photos on your phone?
how do you best like your ice-cream?
how much damage could your best friend do to you if you ever had a falling out?
what do you consider to be the smartest thing you've ever done in your life so far?
if you could only ask one question to each person you meet, what would that question be?
what part of the human face do you look at when you talk to someone?
what part of your body currently doesn't feel 100%?
do you think you're more like your mom or your dad?
what are your top five snacks?